Who did I think it was? Why is it you, Jiang Fang?
You said you've been back for so long,
When do you plan to take action?
Can you give me some time to deal with the jet lag?
Am I not in a hurry and want to kill that Jiang Mian as soon as possible?
Maybe Jiang Mian still looks down on me?
What are you talking about? That Shen Yiyi is just a bitch,
How can I compare with you?
Don't worry,
Once we succeed, the entire Jiang family will be ours.
where did you go?
Take a shower and clean yourself so that you can go find Jiang Mian.
I lied to you about that Bing Kui
Brother, you can play like this
I have a nightmare
Afraid of sleeping alone
Can you be like you were when you were a child?
Hold me to sleep
Not the same
Yes, yes
But you have to be careful
He is sleeping and he is confused